honourable senators here , last Tuesday , what happened ?
a bunch of selection committee was .
yesterday I attended a meeting of the first in committee .
that is what I will be surprised and the Senate committee rise knew too independent .
i am not so that concern for the time .
the selection committee can show some form of .
over the next two years in the work that undertaking a senator .
it is important to a committee , as some of these new Senate committee which actually sitting , supposedly senators .
i am therefore to note that one of the Senate committee was introduced in the last sitting of the nine of missing .
it was sent a replacement .
one name , I do honourable senators .
i am not so that it is nice , you can see , ?
that was the fault of their own senators will have to find research .
it should do the job , when one accepts an .
the women who have proven sitting in the Senate .
they have their remplissaient much more that the majority of the men in the Senate .
i remember that the veterans of the committee held in February of the hold to the 1998 .
here is the House of Commons at that stage Ni or the Senate .
the Liberals have sat in the proceedings of the Senate committee , all three of women .
the committee were to find the officers of the Senate is a man .
i could cite word about , words , the hon. senator Carstairs took answer the question I asked .
the criteria are as follows : " I asked was Quels ? "
she said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report .
in 1993 that it was struck by the parliamentary associations .
at the time of men were only delegations formées Les .
i was on this issue in the Senate replaced by Finestone , for a number of years .
however , I will look forward to enter the preferred my association .
i do not know how to the House , or when these two reports will be senators honourable decision .
the verdict is that each on television senators .
by a group of students , or to journalists wondered or other .
let us say that ?
it is true , and I will believe .
however , it should be translated in fact .
i do not believe in the alternative .
if it in a position to a committee , he should participate or any meetings accept set a senator .
we said we are not in the members of the corridors which :
today , and there is a question to the committee to study after two years in committee , " you Présentez final '' .
they do not even know what they are the leaders , but when they stand out their breakfast considers them .
no they do not know what happened .
the words " and " honourable way '' , " in our dedication continuité senators are in the speech .
in the way we will look at the beginning to address the next two weeks , independent senators .
if we do not do business in my own , who are concerned about the parliamentary committee on international créerai .
we try to no one can .
the Honour the Speaker :
if any other hon. Senator do you , is it the pleasure of senators honourable wishes to speak , to adopt the motion ?
some hon. members :
in agreement .
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to )
