what has happened here , last Tuesday , honourable Senate ? 
selection committee was achievement of a . 
yesterday I attended a meeting of the first in committee . 
that is what I will be surprised and the Senate committee rise knew too independent . 
i am not so that concern for a moment . 
the selection committee can show some form of . 
over the next two years in the work that undertaking a senator . 
it is important to a committee , as some of these new Senate committee which actually sitting , supposedly senators . 
that is one of my of a committee that was introduced in the last sitting in the Senate indeed nine out . 
it was sent a replacement . 
honourable senators name , I do people . 
that is nice , I am not so you can see it not ? 
in the Senate will have to find that was their own research fault . 
a job when one , it must accept the do . 
the sitting women who have demonstrated in the Senate . 
they are the majority of the best way to have their remplissaient many men in the Senate . 
i remember that the veterans of the committee held in February of the hold to the 1998 . 
the House of Commons at that the Senate is here Ni or that . 
all of the committee , the Liberals have sat in the proceedings of three senators women . 
it was to get the officers of the Senate is a man committee . 
i could cite the question I said , the word , to speak to the hon. senator Carstairs put . 
" I asked was the criteria are as follows : " Quels ? 
it was the first report of women to address it in a stated that the representation . 
it was that the parliamentary associations to drafted in 1993 . 
at the time of were only formées delegations Les men . 
i was on this issue in the Senate replaced by Finestone , for a number of years . 
however , I will look forward to enter the preferred my association . 
i do not know how about these two , or when the House will be senators honourable decision reports . 
is that each of the Senate television the verdict . 
by a group of students , or to journalists wondered or other . 
that if we do ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , it should be translated into the facts . 
i do not think the option to . 
if it in a position to a committee , he should accept or any meetings a senator part intended . 
some hon. members are the words in which we are not the corridors : 
today , and there is a question to the committee to study after two years in committee , " you Présentez final '' . 
they do not know what they are the same , but when they stand out their leaders stand considers them . 
they do not know what has no past . 
the words " and " and " is the way in our Senate and dedication continuité honourable " speech . 
in the way we will look at the beginning to address the next two weeks , independent senators . 
if we do not , who are concerned about the business of the parliamentary committee , I do my own créerai international opportunities . 
we are no one can undermine . 
the Speaker : the Honour 
is it the pleasure of the other , the hon. member , if you do not want , Senator honourable senators to adopt the motion ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
