honourable senators here , last Tuesday , what happened ? 
was a selection committee of achievement . 
yesterday I attended on the first meeting of the committee . 
and I am surprised that the committee admits that it does not really know what to do with the Senate independent . 
that will not strike so much for a moment . 
the committee can show some impact for determining qualified . 
on the work that undertaking a senator over the next two years . 
it is a committee some senators , because , in its important new Senate committee , they actually sitting in principle . 
i am therefore presented to the sitting of the committee to yesterday was one of the new senators to realize that indeed . 
it was sent a replacement . 
honourable senators , I will name people . 
you can see you that I am kind ' t it ? 
the Senate will have their own research to find that had been fault . 
when one accepts an work , it has to do . 
the women who are sitting in the Senate have proven . 
they have their remplissaient much more that the majority of the men in the Senate . 
i remember as to the meetings in February of veterans that the committee held the 1998 . 
the Senate Ni or the House of Commons do here at that time . 
all three senators they sat in the proceedings of the committee , of women . 
the leadership of the committee could not find a person to the Senate . 
i could cite word about , words , the hon. senator Carstairs took answer the question I asked . 
i asked him : " Quels were the criteria are as follows ? " 
she said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report . 
in 1993 that it was struck by the parliamentary associations . 
shall delegations of men were only formées at that time . 
in that I would like to point out that I have been replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I expect want the opportunity to enter preferred my association . 
honourable when the House , I do not know how or senators decision will be about these two reports . 
each time that the Senate is on television verdict . 
wondered or by a group of students , from journalists or other . 
that if we do ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , it should be translated in fact . 
i do not believe in the alternative . 
if a senator accept this position in a committee , he or she should participate in any meetings intended . 
we are not of the House which we say in the corridors : 
do you Présentez " today and in committee after two years of education , there is a final question in committee '' . 
they do not even know what they are viewed stand , they stand when their leaders out to them . 
no they do not know what happened . 
in our honourable Senate " continuité " and " dedication , is the way the words " speech . 
over the next two weeks , starting to reflect on the way we will address the Senate independent . 
if we are the committee , I créerai my own are not of Parliament who are interested in the world affairs . 
no one can we will try . 
the Honour the Speaker : 
if any other hon. Senator do you , is it the pleasure of senators honourable wishes to speak , to adopt the motion ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report agreed to ) 
