what has happened here and Senate , last Tuesday honourable ? 
a bunch of selection committee was . 
yesterday I attended a meeting of the first in committee . 
i will not be surprised that the Senate committee and what it really know rise independent . 
that will not so concerned about at this time . 
some of the impact can make a selection committee . 
in the business of strikes a Senate that the next two years . 
it is a principle , to sit in committee , which , as some important new Senate committee that actually senators . 
my of one of the Senate committee was introduced in the last sitting of the new indeed have to realize that . 
it was sent a replacement . 
honourable senators name , I do people . 
that is , I am you will see kind ' t it ? 
that was in the Senate will have to find their own research fault . 
a job when one , it must accept the do . 
the sitting women who have demonstrated in the Senate . 
they have the majority of their remplissaient that much more men in the Senate . 
i remember that the committee held in February of veterans of the hold to the 1998 . 
the House of Commons at that time . Ni or the Senate is here 
the Liberals have sat in the proceedings of the Senate committee , all three of women . 
to the leadership of the Senate could not find a man that committee . 
what I said , I could cite the words , the question I asked to speak to the hon. senator Carstairs . 
" I asked was the criteria are as follows : " Quels ? 
it was the first was that it to address a representation in the report of women . 
it was on the parliamentary associations wrote that in 1993 . 
at the time of were only formées delegations Les men . 
i was in this regard , on the senator replaced by Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I will look forward to enter the preferred my association . 
how about these two , I do not know when the House will be no Senate honourable decision reports . 
the verdict is that each of the Senate television . 
by a group of students , or to journalists wondered or other . 
that if we do ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , it should be to bring the facts . 
i do not think the option to . 
part in a position to a committee , he should accept or any meetings if it a senator intended . 
we are not the members of the words in which the corridors : 
there is a committee to study the today and in committee , " and " you in the final question Présentez two years . 
they do not even know what they are the leaders , but when they stand out their breakfast considers them . 
they do not know what has no past . 
the words " and " honourable way '' , " in our dedication continuité senators are in the speech . 
in the way we will look at the beginning to address the next two weeks , independent senators . 
if we are not interested in the Parliament of the committee , I would be my own is créerai world affairs . 
we are no one can undermine . 
the Speaker : the Honour 
is it the pleasure of the Senate , if you want to do , the hon. member , any other honourable senator to adopt the motion ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
