what has happened here and honourable Senate , last Tuesday ? 
a bunch of selection committee was . 
yesterday I attended the first to meeting of the committee . 
i do not know what it will be surprised that the Senate committee independent rise and . too 
i am not so that concern for the time . 
the selection committee can show some form of . 
over the next two years in the work that undertaking a senator . 
what it is important to a committee , as some of these committee , supposedly new Senate actually sitting senators . 
i am therefore to note that one of the Senate committee was introduced in the last sitting of the nine of missing . 
it was sent a replacement . 
one name , I do honourable senators . 
i am not so that it is nice , you can see , ? 
that was the fault of their own senators will have to find research . 
it should do the job , when one accepts an . 
the women who have proven sitting in the Senate . 
many of them in the Senate that they have the majority of the best remplissaient men . 
i remember that the veterans of the committee held in February of the hold to the 1998 . 
here is the House of Commons at that stage Ni or the Senate . 
all of the proceedings of the committee , they sat in the three senators women . 
the committee were to find the officers of the Senate is a man . 
i could cite the question I asked the senator Carstairs took to answer the words , words , the hon. . 
the criteria are as follows : " I asked was Quels ? " 
it was the first report of the said that it is to deal with the women in representation . 
in 1993 that it was written on the parliamentary associations . 
at the time of men were only delegations formées Les . 
i have been replaced by on this issue in the Senate Finestone , for a number of years . 
however , I will look forward to enter the preferred my association . 
i do not know how to the House , or when these two reports will be senators honourable decision . 
the verdict is that each on television senators . 
by a group of students , or to journalists wondered or other . 
let us say that ? 
i think it is true , . and I will 
in fact , but it should be translated . 
i do not think the option to . 
if it in a position to a committee , he should participate or any meetings accept set a senator . 
we said we are not in the members of the corridors which : 
today , and there is a question to the committee to study after two years in committee , " you Présentez final '' . 
they do not even know what they are the same , but when they stand and their leaders considers the stand . 
no they do not know what happened . 
the words " and " is the way in our '' , " continuité speech honourable dedication senators . 
in the Senate , the way we will look at the beginning to address the next two weeks independent . 
if we do not do business in my own , who are concerned about the parliamentary committee on international créerai . 
we try to no one can . 
the Honour the Speaker : 
is it the pleasure to adopt the motion , if you do not speak , like other hon. Senator honourable senators ? , 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motion agreed to ) , the report is passed . 
