what happened , last Tuesday , honourable senators here ? 
a bunch of selection committee was . 
yesterday I attended a meeting of the first in committee . 
that is what I do know that the committee to rise and the Senate surprised independent too . 
i am not so that concern for a moment . 
some of the selection committee can be impact . 
on the senator undertaking that a business in the next two years . 
it is a principle , to sit in committee , which , as some important new Senate committee that actually senators . 
one of my to realize that it was introduced in the last sitting of the Senate committee of the nine indeed . 
it was sent a replacement . 
honourable senators name , I do people . 
you can see that is what I am kind ' t it ? 
that was in the Senate will have to find their own research fault . 
a job when one , it must accept the do . 
the women who have proven sitting in the Senate . 
that the majority of the men and women have the remplissaient much more in the Senate . 
i remember that the committee held in February of veterans of the hold to the 1998 . 
the Senate or at that time . Ni here is the House of Commons 
they all of the proceedings of the Senate committee sat in the three , women . 
it is to find a man was the leadership of the Senate committee . 
i could cite the senator Carstairs took , I say , to say that the hon. answer the question put . 
" Quels were the criteria are as follows : " I asked ? 
it was the first was that it to address a representation in the report of women . 
it was written on that the parliamentary associations in 1993 . 
at the time of were only formées delegations Les men . 
i have been replaced by on this issue in the Senate Finestone , for a number of years . 
however , I want the opportunity to look back preferred my association . 
i do not know how about these two , when the decision or senators will be honourable House reports . 
the verdict is that each of the Senate television . 
by a group of students , or to journalists wondered or other . 
that if we do ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , it should be translated into the facts . 
i do not think the option to . 
if it in a position to a committee , he should accept or any part of a senator meetings intended . 
some hon. members the words in the corridors which we are not : 
two years , when there is a committee to study the " and " you vote today in the final Présentez in committee . 
but what they are not even when it came to power , they know their considers stand stand to them . 
they do not know what has no past . 
the words " and " '' , " in the Senate is our commitment to honourable way continuité speech . 
in the Senate , we will look at the beginning to address the next two weeks how independent . 
if we are not interested in the Parliament of the committee , I will do my own créerai that world affairs . 
we are no one can undermine . 
the Speaker : the Honour 
is it the pleasure of the Senate , if you do not speak , like other hon. Senator honourable , to adopt the motion ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
